c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.exe
C:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.deps.json
C:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.dll
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\backend.pdb
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\bin\Debug\net9.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\backend.styles.css
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json.cache
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
C:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.dll
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\backend.dll
c:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.pdb
C:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\backend.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Justine\Justine\Code\repo\News Service\backend\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\backend.dll
